cloud: add TiKV node storage types and Note Group GA (#20662)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud/size-your-cluster.md

Next, you can compare the TiKV node number calculated according to data volume with the number calculated according to your expected performance, and take the larger one as a recommended number of your TiKV nodes.

### TiKV node storage size

> The supported node storage of different TiKV vCPUs is as follows:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The supported node storage sizes of different TiKV vCPUs are as follows:
```

> **Note:**
>
> You cannot decrease the TiKV node storage size after the cluster creation.

### TiKV node storage types

> TiDB Cloud provides the following TiKV storage types for [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) clusters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud provides the following TiKV storage types for [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) clusters hosted on AWS:

- [Basic storage](#basic-storage)
- [Standard storage](#standard-storage)
```

#### Basic storage

The Basic storage is a general-purpose storage type that provides lower performance than the Standard storage.

> The Basic storage is available for the following clusters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Basic storage type is applied automatically for the following clusters hosted on AWS:
```

- Existing clusters that are created before April 1, 2025. 
- New clusters that are created with TiDB versions earlier than v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0.

#### Standard storage

The Standard storage is ideal for most workloads, providing a balance between performance and cost efficiency. Compared with the Basic storage, it offers better performance by reserving ample disk resources for Raft logs. This reduces the impact of Raft I/O on data disk I/O, improving read and write performance for TiKV.

> The Standard storage is available for new clusters created with TiDB versions v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Standard storage is available for new clusters created with TiDB versions v7.5.5, v8.1.2, v8.5.0, or later.
```

>

> > You cannot decrease the TiKV node storage after the cluster creation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> You cannot decrease the TiKV node storage size after the cluster creation.
```

> ### TiKV node storage type

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### TiKV node storage types
```

> The following TiKV storage types are provided for TiDB Cloud Dedicated clusters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The following TiKV storage types are provided for [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) clusters:
```

> The following TiKV storage types are provided for [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) clusters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
TiDB Cloud provides the following TiKV storage types for [TiDB Cloud Dedicated](/tidb-cloud/select-cluster-tier.md#tidb-cloud-dedicated) clusters:
```

> #### Basic Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Basic storage
```

Reviewer: reason: to match the "Basic storage" string used on UI

The Basic Type is a general-purpose storage type that provides lower performance than the Standard Type.

> The Basic Type applies to the following clusters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Basic Type applies to the following clusters:

```

> The Basic Type is a general-purpose storage type that provides lower performance than the Standard Type.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Basic storage is a general-purpose storage type that provides lower performance than the Standard storage.
```

> The Basic Type applies to the following clusters:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Basic Type is available for the following clusters:
```

> The Basic Type is available for the following clusters:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Basic storage is available for the following clusters:
```

- Existing clusters that are created before April 1, 2025. 

> - New clusters that are created with versions earlier than v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New clusters that are created with versions earlier than v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0.
```

> - New clusters that are created with versions earlier than v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- New clusters that are created with TiDB versions earlier than v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0.
```

> - New clusters that are created with the version earlier than v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New clusters that are created with versions earlier than v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0
```

> #### Standard Type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
#### Standard storage
```

> The Standard Type is ideal for most workloads due to its balanced performance and cost efficiency. It offers better performance compared to the Basic Type by reserving ample disk resources for Raft logs. This reduces the impact of Raft I/O on data disk I/O, resulting in improved read and write performance for TiKV.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Standard storage is ideal for most workloads, providing a balance between performance and cost efficiency. Compared with the Basic storage, it offers better performance by reserving ample disk resources for Raft logs. This reduces the impact of Raft I/O on data disk I/O, improving read and write performance for TiKV.
```

> The Standard Type is available for new clusters created with versions v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0 or later.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Standard storage is available for new clusters created with TiDB versions v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0 or later.
```

> The Standard Type applies to the following clusters:
> - New clusters that are created with the version v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0 or later 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Standard Type applies to new clusters that are created with the version v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0 or later.
```

> The Standard Type applies to new clusters that are created with the version v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0 or later.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Standard Type is available for new clusters that are created with the version v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0 or later.
```

> #### Performance Type（Coming soon）
> 
> The Performance Type provides enhanced performance and stability, reducing P99 latency by up to 20% compared to the Basic Type. It allocates a dedicated high-performance disk for Raft logs, significantly boosting both performance and stability.
> 
> This storage type will be available soon. 
> 

Reviewer: Avoid trying to document future features or products, even in innocuous ways. Don't pre-announce anything in documentation unless it has been approved by your legal counsel.

ref: https://developers.google.cn/style/future

```suggestion
```

> The Performance Type offers greater performance and stability, reducing P99 duration by up to 20% compared to the Basic Type. It provisions a dedicated high-performance disk for Raft logs, significantly improving both performance and stability.
> 
> This storage type will be released soon. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Performance Type provides enhanced performance and stability, reducing P99 latency by up to 20% compared to the Basic Type. It allocates a dedicated high-performance disk for Raft logs, significantly boosting both performance and stability.

This storage type will be available soon. 
```

>
> You cannot decrease the TiKV node storage after the cluster creation.

### TiKV node storage type

The following TiKV storage types are provided for TiDB Cloud Dedicated clusters:

#### Basic Type

> A general-purpose storage type which provides lower performance than the Standard Type.
> 
> Usage： 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Basic Type is a general-purpose storage type that provides lower performance than the Standard Type.

The Basic Type applies to the following clusters:
```

> - Clusters created before 2025/4/1 used Basic Type. 
> - New Clusters created with version < 7.5.5, 8.1.2, or 8.5.0 will use Basic Type. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Existing clusters that are created before April 1, 2025. 
- New clusters that are created with the version earlier than v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0
```

#### Standard Type

> Well-suited for the majority of workloads due to its balanced performance and cost ratio.
> Standard storage type can improve the overall performance comparing to Basic type. It reserves sufficient disk resources for raft logs, reducing the performance impact between raft I/O and data disk I/O, thereby improving both the read and write performance of TiKV.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Standard Type is well-suited for the majority of workloads due to its balanced performance and cost ratio. It can improve the overall performance comparing to the Basic Type. It reserves sufficient disk resources for raft logs, reducing the performance impact between raft I/O and data disk I/O, thereby improving both the read and write performance of TiKV.
```

> Usage ：

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Standard Type applies to the following clusters:
```

> - New Clusters created with version >= 7.5.5, 8.1.2, or 8.5.0 will use Standard Type. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- New clusters that are created with the version v7.5.5, v8.1.2, or v8.5.0 or later 
```

#### Performance Type（Coming soon）

> Offers greater performance and stability, reducing P99 Duration by up to 20% compared to the Basic type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The Performance Type offers greater performance and stability, reducing P99 duration by up to 20% compared to the Basic Type.
```
